Add how to publish a release to contributing.md (#4757)
parcel-bundler/parcel: CONTRIBUTING.md

For more information on this topic, read [this issue on parcel repository](https://github.com/parcel-bundler/parcel/issues/182).

## Releasing a new version

When releasing a new version of Parcel a couple steps should be followed:

> 1. Run `yarn tag:prerelease <version>` or `yarn tag:release <version>` based on whether it is a prerelease (alpha, beta, nightly, ...) or a stable release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `yarn tag:prerelease 2.0.0-alpha.1` or `yarn tag:release 2.4.5` based on whether it is a prerelease (alpha, beta, nightly, ...) or a stable release
```
